can I will be sure i'll be doing a
review of a blade metal fusion flighting
tops okay this how we'll start I'm
battle you get to buy bite and your jaw
and you twist it on but then you will
get the ripcord put it fruit then you're
ready for battle there are different
types of beyblade balance stamina attack
and defense there are different parts of
a beyblade that is the face ball of
energy ring fusion wheel spin track and
the performance tip sir your age value
and I die sad you metal roots but a bit
of the actual by setting sometimes looks
like this I students can double come in
different shapes and sizes the sizes are
many ones we just come with just come in
different colors and that's all and ok
now we're going to test them out in a
battle three points wins
three points around look 3 2 1 let it
stomach types usually stay on it off the
bay state but oh the first stops doing
the sort of the same thing they don't
move around much and the tack types and
imbalance types move more and by stay so
let it some beyblades better than others
they worked it all the beyblades would
work differently but the rules are you
on board the spacing and this is
basically no rules no makeup on yourself
look 3 2 1 finish 3 2 1 ok that was the
bike ride instruction video by James
Robinson from Sydney Australia seven
years old thank you